I noticed some bugs or "features" in the original game:

- the "your bomb has been removed" message in the shortcut at classic level 3 displays but does not remove the
  bomb, so, if you use the shortcut you don't have to kill the beehive, and you keep your bomb in the next world
  (unless you lose a life in this world): which allows to kill most of the spikes if you want.
  Buying "increase weapon power" effectively increases the bomb power (2 to 4 starbursts ejected during the explosion,
  and the explosion effects higher, which is funny since it certainly required a lot of work for so little people
  noticing and using the high-power bomb, normally only seen at level 4-1 if you fail to get the world key and it falls in the traps).
  Nevertheless, when you buy hunters, the hunters replace the fireballs, which
  IMHO is a huge bug since bomb and hunter normally replace the magic axe (I think that's because bomb cannot
  normally make its way to the shop, and thus cannot be sold back)
  -> if you don't have maces as primary weapon you are stuck in the very beginning of level 4 because you cannot
  break the block where the key resides (because you have no fireballs).
  This is why the bomb is actually removed in my remake, which loses accuracy to fix a bug.
  But I found it remarkable that powerups actually affect bomb too, because the power-bomb normally occurs
  once in the game, at level 4 (trap room) if you let the world key fall into the spike. They added the extra
  projectiles when bomb explodes only for this little level. What a sense of detail!
  
- When starting from level 3 or 4 with a password and buying only fireballs and the familiar,
  the familiar does not shoot the fireball since you would be completely unarmed, but it attacks
  the enemies by raiding on them. As soon as you take a weapon (spear, hunter), it ceases to
  attack and sticks to your X coordinate, while shooting fireballs.
  Very few people saw it because you're not supposed to start level 3 or 4 with only fireballs
  and the familiar unless you really like challenge, that's why I find it really interesting
  that the Bros took time to code that behaviour. I didn't.
  
- If you start level 4 from a password without fireballs and without maces, you're stuck in
  the first room because you cannot get the door key on the breakable block.
  That's a minor problem since you just have to hit the ESC key and restart with proper weapons.
  
- In level 3 world 2, there's a "hidden" ladder just before the gem-stealing thief. HOL map show this ladder, original
  game does not. That's a mystery (or maybe was fixed in other versions)... I have put the ladder back.

- At the end of level 2, increase weapon power (half) potion is worth 20000. If you start the game with a password from
  level 3, or reach the shop of level 3 world 1, this potion is worth 17500 only! => I left it at 17500.
  
- if you still own the familiar at level 4 world 2 and you don't have the maces and prefer using the fireballs to break
  the blocks, you are stuck when it comes to break a wall behind which a part of the puzzle is located, because the
  familiar shoots the fireballs, and it shoots too high to break the blocks. You have to get your familiar
  killed before that (not too difficult), or you'll be stuck. In the remake, I added a nice feature that fixes that:
  when you crouch and no enemy is in sight, the familiar locks on your position for several seconds, which leaves you
  the time to shoot blocks with the fireball: you are not stuck anymore

- in the shop, when you have bought a powerful weapon with a lot of power-ups and your money is near zero, the game
  should show weapons of the same category you could buy with the half-price refund of your current weapons but it doesn't.
  My implementation shows all buyable weapons (not of very notable interest, but a notable difference)

- opened face doors of level 4 are not relevant with closed face doors: the graphics are the ones of level 3 !!!
  I have fixed this because it looked wierd
- from twizzle (Gods expert player): when i get to my 10 >12th time around, it will start adding into
  the your score all the symbols into it? when it reaches 320.000 + not just numbers, ie $,
  pots gold crystals etc etc. Of course this won't happen in the remake. The only risk is that the score
  overflows from the score frame :)
 
- when you drop a shield or a starburst during a fight with a boss, it does nothing until the boss is killed.
  Then the bonus actually appears (and is totally useless since the level is then complete). I think they forgot
  to remove power-ups in higher bosses (done at least at level 1). In my remake, the bonus is dropped but is
  not pickable until the boss has been killed.

- Shop: I have added the feature to be able to use the potential money from weapons resale to buy weapons from the shop.
  That explains why even when gold is 0 you are still able to buy some weapons (but you'd lose money as reselling them
  is always at half the buy price)
  
Differences between versions:

I noticed several differences between the Amiga version and, say, the Sega version. As Sega version is newer and the
changes seem to be wise, I've decided to use the Sega mods, even if I dislike the console versions.

- level 1 world 2: the first ladder is longer in the Sega version, thus allowing to jump directly right on the platform
- level 1 world 3: the giant jump pit is shallower in the Sega version, thus avoiding to stay stuck in the pit if the
  giant jump effect wears off and you're still in the pit (never met anyone who let that happen, but I guess a console
  player could get caught :) )
  